Konnect runtime groups intro + how tos (#3770)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/konnect/configure/servicehub/manage-services.md

1. Enter a **Service Name**.

    A Service name can be any string containing letters, numbers, or characters;
    for example, `service_name`, `Service Name`, or `Service-name`.

1. (Optional) Enter a **Description**.

1. Click **Create**.

    A new Service is created and {{site.konnect_short_name}} automatically
    redirects to the Service's overview page.

### Update a Service

1. In the ![service hub icon](/assets/images/icons/konnect/icn-servicehub.svg){:.inline .konnect-icn .no-image-expand}
Service Hub, select a Service from the list.

1. Edit the Service name and description directly on this page: click on either
element to reveal a text box, enter the new text, then click outside of the text
box to save.

### Share a Service
1. In the ![service hub icon](/assets/images/icons/konnect/icn-servicehub.svg){:.inline .konnect-icn .no-image-expand}
Service Hub, select a Service from the list.

1. Click **Share Service**.

1. Select a user or team to share the Service with.

1. Select a role to grant to the user or team.

    You can share any Service that you have access to, with
    the same role or lesser than what you have yourself. An organization admin

>     can share any Service with any role. For more information, see [

Reviewer: While this entire paragraph is true. For helium, only users with the Admin role for each service will be allowed to share roles.

Since the Admin role is a superset of all service permissions, it is also implied that Admins are allowed to share any roles equal to or less than Admin with others. (AKA any role)

For some background context, the reason only admins can share is because we have not implemented the permission-to-share permission. It's like in Google Docs, you have the options of enable/disable whether editors can share permissions with others.

Reviewer 2: This change will also be needed in #3781

Author: Updated. Leaving comment unresolved until I apply the changes to 3781 as well.

    Manage Teams, Roles, and Users](/konnect/org-management/teams-roles-users/#entity-and-role-sharing).

1. Click **Share Service** to save.

### Delete a Service

1. In the ![service hub icon](/assets/images/icons/konnect/icn-servicehub.svg){:.inline .konnect-icn .no-image-expand}
Service Hub, select a Service from the list.

1. In the top right of the overview page, click the **Actions** menu and select
**Delete Service**.

1. In the dialog that appears, confirm that you want to delete this service.

## Service versions

Every Konnect Service version is associated with one runtime group.
Any configurations for the Service version, such as implementations, plugins,
and routes, will also be associated with the same runtime group.

If a Service has multiple Service versions, each Service version can be
associated with a different runtime group, or with the same runtime group.
Through its versions, a Service can made be available in multiple environments,

> simply by assigning Service versions to a different runtime groups.

Reviewer 2: This implies that you can change the RG for a service version. You need to create a new service version in each RG, rather than assigning an existing service to a new RG

Reviewer 2: Ah, I see you call this out below:

> You can't move a Service version from one runtime group to another.

Maybe `by creating Service versions in different runtime groups`?

A common use case for this is environment specialization. For example, if you
have three runtime groups for `development`, `staging`, and `production`, you
can manage which environment the Service is available in by assigning that group

> at creation time. So, you might create a v0 in `development`, then a v0.1 in

Reviewer 2: Changing the version between RG's doesn't make sense to me. I'd view it more like promotion:

> You might have v1 running in `production`, and be actively working on v2 in `development`. Once it's ready to test, you'd create v2 in `staging` before finally creating v2 in `production` alongside `v1`

`staging`, and a finally a v1 in `production`.

{:.note}
> **Note:** You can't move a Service version from one runtime group to another.
Instead, create a new version of the Service in the new environment when you're
ready to move to it.

### Create a new Service version

1. In the ![service hub icon](/assets/images/icons/konnect/icn-servicehub.svg){:.inline .konnect-icn .no-image-expand}
Service Hub, select a Service from the list.

1. Navigate to **Versions**, and click **+ New Version**.

1. Enter a **Version Name**.

    A version name can be any string containing letters, numbers, or characters;
    for example, `1.0.0`, `v.1`, or `version#1`. A Service can have any number of
    versions.

1. Select a runtime group.

>     Choose a group to limit this version to a specific group of runtime

Reviewer: I don't think the word "limit" is the right word here. It sounds like we are imposing a limitation on this version which isn't true.
Maybe:
```suggestion
    Choose a group to deploy this version to a specific group of runtime
```

    instances. This determines which entities and runtimes the Service version
    has access to, and who has access to this version.

>     {:.note}
>     > **Note:** Applications can only be registered against
>     Services in the default runtime group, so if you plan on using
>     [application registration](/konnect/dev-portal/applications/application-overview),
>     choose `default` in this step.

Reviewer: A clarification I want to make here is that only the App Reg feature will work with the `default` RG. However, consumers can still be created in each RG outside of the App Reg flow. (AKA Runtime Manger -> Consumers)

```suggestion
    {:.note}
    > **Note:** Enabling the Application Registration feature for the developer portal can only be enabled against
    Services in the default runtime group, so if you plan on using
    [application registration](/konnect/dev-portal/applications/application-overview),
    choose `default` in this step.
```
